Introduction|1|1| Previously, on Ready to Die... me and her sister had something going on I reach my peak, I can't speak (Yo, you listening to me motherfucker?) Call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak (Eyo c'mon nigga). I'm sick of niggas lying, I'm sick of bitches hawkin' Matter of fact, I'm sick of talking (BANG) (Ayo Big, ayo BIG!)
Introduction|1|2| Damn... we was spose to rule the world baby. We was unstoppable! The shit can't be over, no. The shit can't be over man. I know you hear me nigga. I know you hear me. You got too much livin to do. Too much unfinished business. It ain't over. Live your life
Somebody Gotta Die|1|1| I'm sittin in the crib dreamin' about Learjets and coupes. The way Salt shoops and how they sell records like Snoop, (oops!) I'm interrupted by a doorbell, 3:52, who the hell is this? I gets up quick, cocks my shit. Stop the dogs from barkin', then proceed to walk in. It's a face that I seen before. My nigga Sing, we used to sling on the 16th floor. Check it, I look deeper. I see blood up on his sneakers. And his fist gripped a chrome four-fifth. So I dip, nigga, is you creepin or speakin? He tells me C-Rock just got hit up at the Beacon. I opens up the door, pitiful, "Is he in critical? Retaliation for this one won't be minimal. Cuz I'm a criminal way before the rap shit. Bust the gat shit, Puff won't even know what happened. If it's done smoothly, silencers on the Uzi. Stash in the hooptie, my alibi, any cutie. With a booty that done fuck Big Pop. Head spinnin, reminiscin' 'bout my man C-Rock.
Somebody Gotta Die|1|2| Somebody gotta die. If I go, you got to go. Somebody gotta die. Let the gunshots blow. Somebody gotta die. Nobody got to know. That I killed yo ass in the mist, kid
Somebody Gotta Die|1|2|
Fillin' clips, he explained our situation. Precisely, so we know exactly what we facin'. "Some kid named Jason, In a Honda station wagon. Was braggin', about how much loot and crack he stackin'. Rock had a grip so they formed up a clique. A small crew. 'Round the time I was locked up with you". "True indeed,". "But yo nigga, let me proceed. Don't fill them clips too high, give them bullets room to breathe. Damn where. was I? Yeah...Went outta town, blew the fuck up. C-Rock went home and Jay got stuck the fuck up. Hit him twice, caught him right for the Persian white. Pistol whipped his kids, and taped up his wife (Niggas is trife). He figured Rock set 'em up, no question. Wet em up no less than 50 shots in his direction". "How many shots?" "Man nigga, I seen mad holes". "What kinda gats?" "Heckler & Kochs and Calicos. But fuck that, I know where all them niggas rest at. In the buildin' hustlin', and they don't be strapped. Supreme in black is downstairs, the engine runnin'. Find a bag to put the guns in, and c'mon if you're comin'
Somebody Gotta Die|1|3| Exchanged hugs and pounds before the throw down. How it's gonna go down, lay these niggas low-down. "Slow down, fuck all that plannin' shit. Run up in they cribs, and make the cats abandon ship". See niggas like you do ten year bids. Miss the niggas they want, and murder innocent kids. Not I, one niggas in my eye. That's Jason. Ain't no slugs gonna be wasted. Revenge I'm tastin at the tip of my lips. I can't wait to fill my clip in his hips. "Pass the chocolate Thai". Sing ain't lie. There's Jason with his back to me. Talkin to his faculty. I start to get a funny feeling. Put the mask on in case his niggas start squealin'. Scream his name out (Ay yo playboy!), squeezed six, nothin' shorter. Nigga turned around holdin' his daughter.
Hypnotize|1|1| Hah, sicker than your average. Poppa twist cabbage off instinct. Niggas don't think shit stink. Pink gators, my Detroit players. Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn. Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there every night. Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos. Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who. Do something to us, talk go through us. Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us. Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (ehehehe). Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick to clutch. Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3. (Take that, take that, take that, ha ha!). Bang every MC easily, busily. Recently niggas fronting ain't saying nothing (nope). So I just speak my piece, (c'mon) keep my peace. Cubans with the Jesus piece (thank you God), with my peeps. Packing, asking who want it, you got it nigga flaunt it. That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it.
Hypnotize|1|2| Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Hypnotize|1|3| I put hoes in NY onto DKNY. Miami, D.C. prefer Versace. All Philly hoes, go with Moschino. Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi. Now who's the real dookie, meaning who's really the shit. Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the six. Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half. Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass. Gonna blast squeeze first ask questions last. That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass. At last, a nigga rappin bout blunts and broads. Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars. I still leave you on the pavement. Condo paid for, no car payment. At my arraignment, note for the plaintiff. Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement. Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy. Richer than Richie, till you niggas come and get me
Hypnotize|1|4| I can fill ya wit real millionaire shit (I can fill ya). Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly. Wreck it buy a new one. Your crew run run run, your crew run run. I know you sick of this, name brand nigga wit. Flows girls say he's sweet like licorice. So get with this nigga, it's easy. Girlfriend here's a pen, call me round ten. Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian. Come up to your job, hit you while you working. For certain, Poppa freaking, not speaking. Leave that ass leakin, like rapper demo. Tell them ho, take they clothes off slowly. Hit em wit the force like Obi, dick black like Toby (Obi...Toby). Watch me roam like Gobi, lucky they don't owe me. Where the safe show me, homie
Kick In The Door|1|1| Welcome back. We're here on Bad Boy Television, and I'm Trevin Jones. And I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper. And quite frankly, he's very mad. We're gonna try to find out why, so we'll take some questions. At this point from our studio audience. Yes, ma'am, please stand and state your name and where you're from
Kick In The Door|1|2| Hi, my name is Shay, and I'm from New Rochelle. And I just don't understand; why you so mad? Like, what are you so mad about?
Kick In The Door|1|3| Yo, yo, yo-yo, y'know, yo you wanna know why, yo first of all. You can't be askin' me no question youknowhatI'msayin? Who the fuck is you? (Ahh, excuse me, Mr. Rapper, Mr. Rapper) YouknowhatI'msayin? You can't be askin' me no question (It's a family oriented show). I'mma tell you why I'm mad, youknowhatI'msayin? I'mma tell you why. I'm mad. I'mma tell you why I'm mad. These niggas is makin' five hundred thousand dollar videos, youknowsayin? They drivin' around in hot cars, youknowsayin? They got bitches, they got all that shit (Sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language.) YouknowhatI'ms--? I'm still livin with my Moms, youknowhatI'msayin? That's my word. YouknowI'ms--? I'm makin' records, I ain't made no money. Yet I done made this is my fourth album yo, this my fourth album. I ain't made a dime yet. This nigga made one album, he makin' wild records. That "Ready to Die" shit, it was aight, it was aight. YouknowI'msayin, that shit was aight, it was cool. But my shit is J--more John Blaze than that!. I got John Blaze shit. And they not rish--recognizing, they not sayin, "I recognize". And fuck is that, who is you to be askin' me questions, youknowhatI'msayin? Who is you?
Kick In The Door|1|3| Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns. As I crush s0-called willies, thugs, and rapper-dons. Get in that ass, quick fast, like Ramadan. It's that rap phenomenon Don Dada, fuck Poppa. You got to call me Francis M.H. White. Intake light tokes, tote iron. Was told in shootouts, stay low and keep firin'. Keep extra clips for extra shit. Who's next to flip on that cat with that grip on rap. The most shady, (Tell Em!) Frankie baby. Ain't no telling where I may be. May see me in D.C. at Howard Homecoming. With my man Capone, gumming, fucking something. You should know my steelo. Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show. To orgies with hoes I never seen before. So, Jesus, get off the Notorious. Penis before. squeeze and bust. If the beef between us, we can settle it. With the chrome and metal shit. I make it hot like a kettle get. You're delicate, you better get - who sent ya? You still pedal shit, I got more rides than "Great Adventure". 
Kick In The Door|1|4| On ya mark, get set, when I spark, ya wet. Look how dark it get when you're marked for death. Should I start your breath or should I let you die. In fear you start to cry, ask why. Lyrically I'm worshiped, don't front, the word sick. You cursed it, but rehearsed it. I drop unexpectedly like bird shit. You herbs get stuck quickly for royalties and show money. Don't forget the publishing, I punish em, I'm done with them. Son, I'm surprised you run with them. I think they got cum in them cause they nothing but dicks. Trying to blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks. Mad I smoke hydro, rock diamonds that's sick. Got paid off my flow, rhyme with my own clique. Take trips to Cairo, laying with your bitch. I know you praying you was rich, fucking prick. When I see ya I'mma
Kick In The Door|1|5| This goes out for those that choose to use. Disrespectful views on the King of N-Y. Fuck that, why try, throw bleach in your eye. Now ya brailling it, snatch that light shit, I'm scaling it. Conscious of ya nonsense, in eighty-eight. Sold more powder than Johnson and Johnson. Tote steel like Bronson, "Vigilante". You wanna get on son, you need to ask me. Ain't no other kings in this rap thing. They siblings, nothing but my children. One shot they disappearin'. It's ill when MC's used to be on cruddy shit. Took home Ready to Die, listened, studied shit. Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue. They light weight, fragile, my nine milli. Make the whites shake, that's why my money never funny. And you still recouping, stupid
Fuck You Tonight|1|1| You must be used to me spending. And all that sweet wining and dining. Well, I'm fuckin you tonight
Fuck You Tonight|1|2|Some say the X make the sex. Spectacular, make me lick you from yo neck. To your back, then you're shivering, tongue delivering. Chills up that spine, that ass is mine. Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight. If it's all right with you, we fuckin' (that's cool). Deja vu, the blunts sparked, finger fuckin' in the park. Pissy off Bacardi Dark. Remember when I used to play between your legs? You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head. Straight to your mother's bed. Not the Marriott, we be lucky if we find a spot. Next to your sister, damn I really missed the. Way she used to rub my back, when I hit that. Way she used to giggle when your ass would wiggle. Now I know you're used to suites at the Parker Meridien. Trips to the Caribbean, but tonight, no ends
Fuck You Tonight|1|3| Girl you look fine, like a wide face Rolex, you just shine. I like that waistline. Let me hit that from behind, which wall you wanna climb. My styles genuine, girl I love you long time. I got you pinned up, with your fuckin limbs up. All because you like the way my Benz was rimmed up. Bitch keep yo chin up, please watch me do thee. Nasty, like it when you make it move fast mami. I like it when you tro' it pon me. No love makin, strictly back breakin. Cease know, all his hoes, go to my door. Then they go to his flo', to fuck some more. So no, caviar, Shark Bar, uh uh. Strictly sex that's sweaty and leftover spaghetti. I know you used to slow CD's and Dom P's. But tonight its eight tracks and six-packs while I hit that
Fuck You Tonight|1|4| Lets stop the bullshit baby. Let me take you to the spot, get you hot. So you wanna be with me, Puff Daddy B.I.G., bring that ass to me
Last Day|1|1| Can I live til my last day. Hittin honies that be na-sty. Gettin money in the fast way. And I only care halfway. But I still can't let you pass me
Last Day|1|2| Yo what's beef to you, three niggas with hoodies and bats. That ain't shit compared to one small cat with gats. When we came here we cut off all kind circulation. Breathin, eatin, the whole situation. When we do our shit we do our shit for real. While you take your money for your deal and make your own beats. Compose your own sheets, that's aight but chill. I'mma spend that mil and cop only hot shit. Rock top shit you know how The Lox get. Then you can see me flyin in the Bentley cockpit. Lox and B-I, hold our grica down for years. Gang not, but we been had our black tears. Niggas under the stairs only understand what we got. Underground, all above must get shot. You couldn't book me Dano, Sheek Luciano put the burners. To all y'all, what nigga bring it I'm callin y'all
Last Day|1|3| You already know what it's about when I run up in your house. Put the gun up in your mouth and get the money out the couch. Hearin you out is senseless, perhaps for instance. I give this faggot a french kiss. Black gloves, no prints, dark tints. Word on the street they ain't heard from him since. You know about life after kickin the kid in. Since me and my mi-dan can flip seven gri-dams. Scri-dam, the flow is forbidd-en. Either you ridin or you dyin cause we swingin iron. Lox and Poppa,turning niggas into Jim Hoffa. Who gon stop us, your last joint double copper. You gettin money or your runnin from the Feds. Ain't nothing over here but 16 with one in the head. And I solemnly swear. That all y'all niggas out there got a problem this year
Last Day|1|4| Before you think of keepin me down, heatin me down. The flow like water get deep and you drown. With no soul, many niggas roll with no dough. Even the small gun got a little black hole. Your destiny is somethin you can never figure out. Niggas is never happy til there's blood up in your mouth. There's a lot of killers, but who the hell are you to blame. There's a lot of dead, how the hell you take the pain? Live with it got money you better give with it. My man had the thug in him did his bid with it. Get married to the game but never have a kid with it. Advice from the wise, slice the pies Too many schemes devised, when dreams collide. Teams provide, war for the street to absorb. Stashed in the ceiling and you slept on the floor. Only a blind dove'll fall in love with a whore
Last Day|1|5| Who the fuck wanna squeeze? My Desert E's make MC's freeze. You wakin up in cold sweats, they just dreams. You still apologizin, analyzin, my size and your size and. Realizin, a fist fight would be asinine. You just pop wines I must pop nines. Genuine steel piece, nozzle in your grill piece. You're shook up, two bricks, every cook up. We can hook up, all I see is the future. Disrespect, I shoot ya. By the way, them bricks, get flipped weekly. Sold by soldiers that mix weed with the leak leak. Die for a dollar nigga, life ain't sweet. Play for keeps wet shirts with experts on the creep. Our beef is my fiance, about to marry it. Illegal transactions in Farragut with Arabics. Why not, they fit twelve up in the bedroom. Imagine what they stash is like, make you a classic like. My first LP, beef with me is unhealthy. Fuck around and get an ul-cer, loose your pulse or. Collapsed lung, look how many gats I brung. For them homos, still doin promos. Break both your legs you're movin slow-mo, got shine to glow mo'. Nine hundred and ninety six grams, you need four mo'
I Love The Dough|1|1| We push the hottest V's, peel fast. Through the city, play Monopoly with real cash. Me and Biggie and the models be shaking they sadiddy ass
And parada be something you cats got to see
And the watches be all types and shapes of stones
Being broke is childish and I'm quite grown
Run up in the club with the ice on, me and Paisan
Scope the spot out, see something nice and I'm gone
You cats is home screaming the fight's on
I'm in the fifteen hundred seats, watching Tyson
Same night, same fight
But one of us cats ain't playing right, I let you tell it
People place yourselves in the shoes of two felons
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get
And any chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars
Cats pop bottles, bone chicks that favor Idalis
And rack up frequent flier mileage

[Hook - Angela Winbush]
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey

[Verse 2 - Notorious B.I.G]
I'm popping Magnums while Jigga bag something
Watch is platinum, got jet lag from
Flights back and forth, pop corks of the best grapes
Make the best CDs and the best tapes
Don't forget the vinyl, take girls break spinals
Biggie be Richie like Lionel, shit
You seen the Jesus, dipped to H classes
Ice project off lights, chick flashes
Blind your broke asses, even got rocks in the beards and moustaches
Rock top fashions
Ain't shit changed, except the number after the dot
On the Range, way niggas look at me now, kinda strange
I hate y'all too
Rather be in Carribean sands with Rachel
It's unreal, out the blue Frank White got sex appeal
Bitches used to go, "Ewww!"
Still tote steel, I'm trying to see five mil
Off the single, for real
You ain't fazing the amazing
While your gun's raising, mine is blazing
See you on see me all talking to sweetness
Take it for weakness and leave quick
Blocka, Roc-a-Fella, Bad Boy collabo
Two MCs with mad dough, you know

[Hook]

[Verse 3- Jay-Z]
Miraculous, pockets stay full
Niggas skip the bull cause we matadors
Snatch the P89s that we pack in the drawers
And we clap the doors of your Acuras
Snap like cameras on amateurs
Make you all dance, hold a hammer to yours
Jig and Big rock ice, no cracks or flaws
Everybody got a part to play, back to yours
Run up in your crib now, crack your doors
Watch the real players live, it's a habit to floss
Play the charts like The Beatles, y'all adapt you lost
And toast Cristal on behalf of y'all
Too bad for y'all
Ain't too many as bad as yours truly
Do we, we laugh at y'all
Little bastards y'all

[Verse 4 - Notorious B.I.G.]
We hit makers with acres
Roll shakers in Vegas, you can't break us
Lost chips on Lakers, gassed off Shaq
Country house, tennis courts on horseback
Riding, deciding cracked crab or lobster
Who say mobsters don't prosper
Niggas is actors, niggas deserve Oscars
Me I'm critically acclaimed, slug passed your brain
Reminisce on dames whose coochie used to stink
When we rocked house pieces and puffy Gucci links
Now we buy homes in unfamiliar places
Tito smile every time he see our faces
Cases catch more than outfielders
Half these rapping cats ain't seen war
Couldn't score if they had point game, they lame
Speak my name, I make 'em dash like Dame

[Hook]